build(client): Release notes generation for minor release 2.12.0 (#23340)
microsoft/FluidFramework: RELEASE_NOTES/2.12.0.md

    - [SummarizerStopReason, ISummarizeEventProps, and ISummarizerEvents are now deprecated (#23217)](#summarizerstopreason-isummarizeeventprops-and-isummarizerevents-are-now-deprecated-23217)
      - [Change details](#change-details-1)
    - [IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching is now deprecated (#23260)](#icontainerruntimeoptionsenablegroupedbatching-is-now-deprecated-23260)
      - [Change details](#change-details-2)
    - [IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushMode is now deprecated (#23288)](#icontainerruntimeoptionsflushmode-is-now-deprecated-23288)
      - [Change details](#change-details-3)
    - [Merge-Tree and SharedString ISegment Deprecations (#23323)](#merge-tree-and-sharedstring-isegment-deprecations-23323)
      - [Change details](#change-details-4)
    - [The ContainerRuntime class is now deprecated (#23331)](#the-containerruntime-class-is-now-deprecated-23331)
      - [Change details](#change-details-5)
    - [🛠️ Start Building Today!](#️-start-building-today)

## ✨ New Features

### New APIs to create and load containers without using the Loader object ([#22902](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/22902))

#### Overview

> Provide standalone APIs to create and load containers instead of using the Loader object to do so. Earlier hosts were supposed to create the Loader object first and then call methods on it to create and load containers. Now they can just utilize these APIs directly and get rid of the Loader object.

Reviewer: Nit.
```suggestion
Provide standalone APIs to create and load containers instead of using the Loader object to do so. Before, hosts were supposed to create the Loader object first and then call methods on it to create and load containers. Now they can just utilize these APIs directly and get rid of the Loader object.
```

##### Use `createDetachedContainer` to create a detached container

```typescript
export async function createDetachedContainer(
  createDetachedContainerProps: ICreateDetachedContainerProps,
): Promise<IContainer> {}
```

> `ICreateDetachedContainerProps` are the properties that needs to be supplied to the above API which contains props like URL Resolver, IDocumentServiceFactory, etc., which were previously used to create the `Loader` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ICreateDetachedContainerProps` are the properties that need to be supplied to the above API and include props like URL Resolver, IDocumentServiceFactory, etc., which were previously used to create the `Loader` object.
```

##### Use `loadExistingContainer` to load an existing container

```typescript
export async function loadExistingContainer(
  loadExistingContainerProps: ILoadExistingContainerProps,
): Promise<IContainer> {}
```

> `ILoadExistingContainerProps` are the properties that needs to be supplied to the above API which contains props like URL Resolver, IDocumentServiceFactory, etc., which were earlier used to create the `Loader` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ILoadExistingContainerProps` are the properties that need to be supplied to the above API and include props like URL Resolver, IDocumentServiceFactory, etc., which were earlier used to create the `Loader` object.
```

##### Use `rehydrateDetachedContainer` to create a detached container from a serializedState of another container

```typescript
export async function rehydrateDetachedContainer(
  rehydrateDetachedContainerProps: IRehydrateDetachedContainerProps,
): Promise<IContainer> {}
```

> `IRehydrateDetachedContainerProps` are the properties that needs to be supplied to the above API which contains props like URL Resolver, IDocumentServiceFactory, etc., which were earlier used to create the `Loader` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IRehydrateDetachedContainerProps` are the properties that need to be supplied to the above API and include props like URL Resolver, IDocumentServiceFactory, etc., which were earlier used to create the `Loader` object.
```
